Some comments on various aspects of KRfb:

- KRfb has been designed for three use cases:
  * a user who wants to show something to a friend, so he lets his friend
    connect to his computer
  * a user who needs help from an administrator. The adminstrator can connect
    to the user and change settings and so on while both are talking
    on the telephone or using VoIP.
  * (advanced use case) somebody with several computers that are running 
    GUIs want to control them without going to them. 
- cases 1&2 are probably more mainstream and more important for novice users,
  so KRfb is pre-configured for them. Case 3 is for advanced users and 
  therefore a little bit more difficult to configure.
- by offering the connection-confirmation dialog KRfb avoids configuration 
  issues like setting a password
- design goal of KRfb is to make it as easy to use as possible. I tried to
  limit functionality whereever possible. 
- to limit the required testing efforts I try to limit the number of provided 
  codecs.
  As far as I can tell there are three major classes of VNC clients: the
  original ones that support RRE, CoRRE and Hextiles, the Tridia ones
  with additional ZLib and sometimes HexZLib support and the TightVNC one
  with additional TightVNC encoding. So I will have four primary codecs to
  support: Raw as a fall-back and for local traffic, Hextiles for original
  VNC clients, ZLib for the Tridia ones and TightVNC. RRE and CoRRE won't be 
  supported, and probably neither HexZLib. 4 codecs ought to be enough for 
  everybody. TightVNC is the preferred codec and the one that clients should 
  use.
- the original x0rfbserver has a features for selecting the port number
  automatically. I skipped that because it is too complicated on the client
  side, but I may change my opinion when KDE supports SLP or a similar
  auto-discovery mechanism.
- the command line args are intended for starting KRfb from a system like
  Jabber, thats the reason why there is no preferences dialog when 
  command line args have been used and it's also the reason 
  for --one-connection
- the newconnection-dialog is extra large and has the pixmap on the left 
  side to capture the attention of the user before allowing a connection. 

tim@tjansen.de
